Update the gradle build files to 30.1 for the AWS SDK for Kotlin (#5295)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: javav2/usecases/workflow_sagemaker_lambda/Readme.md

# Create the SageMaker geospatial Lambda function using the Lambda Java API

> This example demonstrates how to create a Lambda function for the Amazon SageMaker pipeline and geospatial job example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to create an AWS Lambda function for the Amazon SageMaker pipeline and geospatial job example. 
```
